#  <#Title#>

Quite a lot of design choices were made, so I'll take you through them as I see them.

First, I separated everything into a few different folders. View models to hold the view models for all the views, views to hold all the views, models to hold certain structs that were crucial, and other to hold the rest, such as the projectApp, etc. I also decided to use firebase for a lot of my backend stuff because i could easily integrate users with their data within firebase, and I could then manage all of the data more easily.
The first thing I worked on was login and register. The UI choices seem fairly obvious to me. Both act as forms and then the data inserted by the user is sent to firebase. THere are checks to ensure that the forms were filled out properly, and then confirmation to whether or not it worked. If the operations didn't work, it provided error messages. If they did work, the user was logged in. 
Once logged in, there are two views that I separated. The first was home, where the user can add habits, see their current habits, and mark their habits as complete. On the bottom there is a toolbar that allows the user to switch back and forth from the home view to the profile view. The profile view is currently basic and just allows the user to sign out. Clicking the sign out button will send a request to firebase to log them out.
The views displayed are determined by whether or not you are logged in. If you are not logged in, you are shown the login view, if you are logged in, you are shown the home view. 
When adding a new habit, you can change the title, frequency, and amount of times you are doing it. When you click submit, all of those datapoints are stored, as well as a datapoint that marks the end of your habit cycle. So if you are doing daily habits, it will save tomorrows date. Then, whenever the home screen loads, it checks to see whether all habits are past their expiration date. If they are, then their number of times completed value is reset to 0, and a new expiration date is chosen based on the frequency you originally chose.
A lot of the design is reliant on me continuing to build this. I ran out of time for this project between everything else, and I already spent about 40 hours to get it to this point. Perhaps i'm inefficient, but getting the app this far took a lot of work, between learning how to code in swift, swiftui, and integrating firebase. In the future, I want to move the individual habits to their own view, as it would be better design. I also want to add the ability to delete habits, modify them after creation, etc. There is a lot of exciting stuff about this app in the sense that I can keep working on it, as I still have a lot of ideas. However, I currently do not have the time to complete them before submission. (It's currently 11:46 pm as I'm writing this)
Thank you guys for a great semester! This class has reinforced my decision to major in compsci. and if its patrick reading this you rock. if its not i'm sure you rock too i just dont know ya.

okay peace out !
